README.md, before:

# RestaurantSimulator

A JavaScript program run with NodeJS to simulate a virtual functioning restaurant. 

## Computer Science Principles Incorperated into this Project

1. Object Oriented Programming - leverage encapsulation, data hiding, inheritance, and polymorphism
2. Higher Order Functions - implement for ease of readability and efficiency when dealing with arrays, lists, and streams of data
3. Design Patterns
   a. Fluent Design Pattern - enables method chaining for running restaurant methods in a concise manner
   b. State Design Pattern - enables various objects to keep track of their current and upcoming states of being
   c. Observer Design Pattern - enables waiters to observe what dishes from the kitchen are ready for which tables without having to be prompted
4. Linked Lists - use list implementation of queues to represent customers waiting to be seated and food orders waiting to be processed by the kitchen
5. Error Handling - implement JavaScript Promises to handle successes and failures while fulfilling various operations
6. Unit Test and Property Tests - incorperate both testing ideologies to debug and garuntee the correctness of the program

## Objects

The simulator keeps track of the following aspects of a real-life restaurant: customers, the front desk, tables, waiters, orders, and the kitchen.

### RestaurantSimulator

The simulator itself that keeps track of all the aspects of the restaurant and the methods to manipulate those aspects

Data Types: ...
Methods: ...

### Person

The superclass that respresents any generic person

Data Types: ...
Methods: ...

### Customer

Inherits from Person

Data Types: ...
Methods: ...

### Waiter

Inherits from Person

Data Types: ...
Methods: ...

### FrontDesk

Keeps track of the customer entrance line and seating

Data Types: ...
Methods: ...

### Table

Represents a table to which a group of customers and a waiter are assigned

Data Types: ...
Methods: ...

### Kitchen

Data Types: ...
Methods: ...

### Order 

Data Types: ...
Methods: ...

Commit message:

Describe the simulator flow and potential updates

README.md, after:

# RestaurantSimulator

A JavaScript program run with NodeJS to simulate a virtual functioning restaurant.

### Simulator Flow

Once the simulator is initiated, the user can create and manipulate a new customer group. Once a customer is created, it is added to the wait list. Once the front desk finds an open table with enough seats, the customer is assigned to a table and the waiter assigned to that section of tables. The customer group is now able to order food and drink by creating new orders that are added to the waiter's queue of tasks with a timestamp. The waiter processes orders in accordance to the next item from its queue of tasks. When the kitchen is ready to receive the next food order, they start taking orders from the waiters prioritizing the orders with the earliest timestamp. Once the food is prepared, the corresponding waiter is notified and sends the food over to the table. Once a customer group is finished they leave the table and are removed from the system.

Potential Updates:
1. Customers can order more food after finishing their previous order
2. Customers are saved in the system and remembered when they come back
3. The state of the simulator can be saved the Momento Design Pattern

## Computer Science Principles Incorperated into this Project

1. Object Oriented Programming - leverage encapsulation, data hiding, inheritance, and polymorphism
2. Higher Order Functions - implement for ease of readability and efficiency when dealing with arrays, lists, and streams of data
3. Design Patterns
   a. Fluent Design Pattern - enables method chaining for running restaurant methods in a concise manner
   b. State Design Pattern - enables various objects to keep track of their current and upcoming states of being
   c. Observer Design Pattern - enables waiters to observe what dishes from the kitchen are ready for which tables without having to be prompted
4. Linked Lists / Queues - use list implementation of queues to represent customers waiting to be seated and food orders waiting to be processed by the kitchen
5. Error Handling - implement JavaScript Promises to handle successes and failures while fulfilling various operations
6. Unit Test and Property Tests - incorperate both testing ideologies to debug and garuntee the correctness of the program

## Objects

The simulator keeps track of the following aspects of a real-life restaurant: customers, the front desk, tables, waiters, orders, and the kitchen.

### RestaurantSimulator

The simulator itself that keeps track of all the aspects of the restaurant and the methods to manipulate those aspects

Data Types: ...
Methods: ...

### Person

The superclass that respresents any generic person

Data Types: ...
Methods: ...

### Customer

Inherits from Person

Data Types: ...
Methods: ...

### Waiter

Inherits from Person

Data Types: ...
Methods: ...

### FrontDesk

Keeps track of the customer entrance line and seating

Data Types: ...
Methods: ...

### Table

Represents a table to which a group of customers and a waiter are assigned

Data Types: ...
Methods: ...

### Kitchen

Data Types: ...
Methods: ...

### Order 

Data Types: ...
Methods: ...
